// MySQL Settings
// Global Settings (If nothing is specified for a connection, this is used)
sql.db_hostname: 127.0.0.1
sql.db_port: 3306
sql.db_username: rappelz
sql.db_password: rappelz
sql.db_database: rappelz
sql.codepage:

// MySQL Auth SQL server
sql.auth_hostname: 127.0.0.1
sql.auth_port: 3306
sql.auth_username: rappelz
sql.auth_password: rappelz
sql.auth_database: rappelz_auth

// MySQL Static SQL server
sql.static_hostname: 127.0.0.1
sql.static_port: 3306
sql.static_username: rappelz
sql.static_password: rappelz
sql.static_database: rappelz_game

// MySQL User SQL Server
sql.user_hostname: 127.0.0.1
sql.user_port: 3306
sql.user_username: rappelz
sql.user_password: rappelz
sql.user_database: rappelz_user

// MySQL Log SQL Database
sql.log_db_ip: 127.0.0.1
sql.log_db_port: 3306
sql.log_db_id: rappelz
sql.log_db_pw: rappelz
sql.log_db_db: rappelz_logs
sql.log_codepage:
sql.log_auth_db: loginlog